-----------------------------------
ControlID 00000	N/A
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 0

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: 
plabel2 Name: 
plabel3 Name: 
plabel4 Name: 
plabel5 Name: 

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: 
parameter2 Name: 
parameter3 Name: 
parameter4 Name: 
parameter5 Name: 
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: --
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: Choose a task to begin
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 10000	task1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: Please choose from the function list or change tasks
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 11000	function1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: on
userInput State: on
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: Please give a name for the new project and click enter when done
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 11000	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 11000	userInput
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 11000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 12000	function2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: Project Name
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 12000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 12000	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 12000	userInput
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 12010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 12020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 13000	function3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: Navigate
Option2 Name: Edit
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 1
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: Project Folder
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: Update
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: Navigate within the GUI allowed folders using the table.  Once you would like to edit folder names, click the Edit Option.  To save changes you've made using Edit, click Update.  At any time you may switch back and forth between Navigate and Edit modes.  Once you have finished your modifications, click any task/function to continue working.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 13010	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: off
enter Name: Update
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 13010	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: off
enter Name: Update
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 13010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: off
enter Name: Update
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: Navigate within the GUI allowed folders using the table.  Once you would like to edit folder names, click the Edit Option.  At any time you may switch back and forth between Navigate and Edit modes.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 13020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: off
enter Name: Update
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 13020	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: off
enter Name: Update
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 13020	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: off
enter Name: Update
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 14000	function4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: off
enter Name: Make File
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 14000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: Make File
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 14000	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: Make File
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 14000	userInput
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: on
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: Make File
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 15000	function5
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 15000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 1

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: Navigate through the GUI folders using the table. When you find the text file you'd like to edit, click on the name in the table and it will open.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 20000	task2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: Click Load Raw Images to begin.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21000	function1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: DNC
Option4 Value: DNC

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: DNC
Option4 Value: DNC

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21000	userInput
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: DNC
Option4 Value: DNC

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21000	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: DNC
Option4 Value: DNC

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: DNC
Option4 Value: DNC

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: DNC
Option4 Value: DNC

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: DNC
Option4 Value: DNC

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 21020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: DNC
Option2 Value: DNC
Option3 Value: DNC
Option4 Value: DNC

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	function2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: Change parameters either directly or using the slider.  The slider control is set in the Slider Menu.  You may change the view in the sub-axes using the zoom box tools.  Once you are happy with the parameters, click Save.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	slider
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	sliderClickL
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	sliderClickR
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	parameter2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	parameter3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	parameter4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	parameter5
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 22030	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	function3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Draw Mask
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: on

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: Draw masks by clicking Draw Mask and then drawing on the figure shown in the Location Menu.  The draw tool is selected in the Draw Mode Menu. Each time you slick Draw Mask, the old mask is deleted.  If you would like to preview a crop, click Preview.  (Preview is only available when the Draw Mode is set to Preview).  Once you are satisfied, click Save Crop.  You can save to the individual time point, or to all time points by selecting the Save Menu.  If you would like to apply the crops to both Method A and B, change the method menu.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	slider
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	sliderClickL
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	sliderClickR
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	option4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23000	subOption4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23002	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23003	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23004	subOption4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23030	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 23040	option4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	function4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Dilation
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: Dilate the images either by changing the parameter directly or use the slider.  When done click Save Dilation.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	slider
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	sliderClickL
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	sliderClickR
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	parameter2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 24030	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	function5
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: Axis Scale Factor

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: Change parameters either directly or using the slider.  The slider control is set in the Slider Menu.  You may change the view in the sub-axes using the zoom box tools.  Once you are happy with the parameters, click Save.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	slider
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	sliderClickL
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	sliderClickR
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	parameter2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	parameter3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	parameter4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	parameter5
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 25030	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Threshold
plabel3 Name: Structuring Radius
plabel4 Name: Minimum Area
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	slider
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	sliderClickL
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	sliderClickR
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	option4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	subOption4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26000	function6
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Draw Mask
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: on

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: Draw masks by clicking Draw Mask and then drawing on the figure shown in the Location Menu.  The draw tool is selected in the Draw Mode Menu. Each time you slick Draw Mask, the old mask is deleted.  If you would like to preview a crop, click Preview.  (Preview is only available when the Draw Mode is set to Preview).  Once you are satisfied, click Save Crop.  You can save to the individual time point, or to all time points by selecting the Save Menu.  If you would like to apply the crops to both Method A and B, change the method menu.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26002	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26003	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26004	subOption4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26020	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26030	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 26040	option4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: Save Crop
Option3 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option4 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: on
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: 
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	function7
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Dilation
Option2 Name: Show Zoom Box
Option3 Name: Update Zoom Box
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: Dilate the images either by changing the parameter directly or use the slider.  When done click Save Dilation.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	slider
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	sliderClickL
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	sliderClickR
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	parameter2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 27030	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 2

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: on
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time (min)
plabel2 Name: Dilation
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 30000	task3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: Click Load Images to begin.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 31000	function1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 31000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 31000	userInput
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 31000	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 31000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 31000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 31010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 31020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 32000	function2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save List
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 32000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save List
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 32000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save List
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 32010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save List
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 33000	function3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: off
Function7 State: off

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	function4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: Define the filter based on the lower and higher limit to the pixel frequency/period.  You may change between viewing results in either Frequency or Period using the Unit menus.  You may choose to view the pixels within the band or outside of the band using the View menu.  You can measure an individual fourier transform using the FFT tool.  When done, click Save Filter.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	slider
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	sliderClickL
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	sliderClickR
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	parameter2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	parameter3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	parameter4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34000	parameter5
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34002	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34003	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34030	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 34040	option4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Filter
Option2 Name: Measure Pixel FFT
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: on
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: Threshold
plabel4 Name: Pixel (x)
plabel5 Name: Pixel (y)

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: on
parameter3 State: on
parameter4 State: on
parameter5 State: on

Table info
table State: off
table Data: 
column name: Table Data
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: on
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	function5
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	subOption4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	paramter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	paramter2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	slider
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	sliderClickL
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	sliderClickR
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35000	parameter2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35002	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35003	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35004	subOption4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 35010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 3

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Save Results
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: Time Interval (min)
plabel2 Name: Boxcar Length (pixels)
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: on
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 40000	task4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 41000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 41000	function1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	function2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	option4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	subOption4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	parameter1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	parameter2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	parameter3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	parameter5
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	userInput
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42000	parameter4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42002	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42003	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42004	subOption4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42020	option2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42030	option3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 42040	option4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: DNC
Option2 Name: DNC
Option3 Name: DNC
Option4 Name: DNC
Option1 State: DNC
Option2 State: DNC
Option3 State: DNC
Option4 State: DNC
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: DNC
subOption1 State: DNC
subOption2 State: DNC
subOption3 State: DNC
subOption4 State: DNC

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: DNC
plabel2 Name: DNC
plabel3 Name: DNC
plabel4 Name: DNC
plabel5 Name: DNC

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: DNC
parameter2 Name: DNC
parameter3 Name: DNC
parameter4 Name: DNC
parameter5 Name: DNC
parameter1 State: DNC
parameter2 State: DNC
parameter3 State: DNC
parameter4 State: DNC
parameter5 State: DNC

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: DNC
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: DNC
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: DNC
subAxes2 State: DNC


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43000	function3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43000	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43000	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43000	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43000	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43000	userInput
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43001	subOption1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43002	subOption2
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43003	subOption3
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 43010	option1
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: Export
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: on
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: DNC
subOption2 Name: DNC
subOption3 Name: DNC
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: on
subOption2 State: on
subOption3 State: on
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: DNC
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 44000	function4
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: off
enter Name: Make File
userInput Name: 
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 44000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: DNC
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: Make File
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 44000	enter
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: on
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: Make File
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 44000	userInput
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: DNC

Other info
enter State: on
userInput State: DNC
enter Name: Make File
userInput Name: DNC
iteration: DNC
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 45000	function5
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: DNC
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: DNC
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


-----------------------------------
ControlID 45000	table
-----------------------------------

Task info
Task1 Name: DNC
Task2 Name: DNC
Task3 Name: DNC
Task4 Name: DNC
Task5 Name: DNC
Which Task: 4

Function info
Function1 Name: DNC
Function2 Name: DNC
Function3 Name: DNC
Function4 Name: DNC
Function5 Name: DNC
Function6 Name: DNC
Function7 Name: DNC
Function1 State: DNC
Function2 State: DNC
Function3 State: DNC
Function4 State: DNC
Function5 State: DNC
Function6 State: DNC
Function7 State: DNC

Option info
Option1 Name: --
Option2 Name: --
Option3 Name: --
Option4 Name: --
Option1 State: off
Option2 State: off
Option3 State: off
Option4 State: off
Option1 Value: 0
Option2 Value: 0
Option3 Value: 0
Option4 Value: 0

Sub-Option info
subOption1 Name: --
subOption2 Name: --
subOption3 Name: --
subOption4 Name: --
subOption1 State: off
subOption2 State: off
subOption3 State: off
subOption4 State: off

Plabel info
plabel1 Name: --
plabel2 Name: --
plabel3 Name: --
plabel4 Name: --
plabel5 Name: --

Parameter info
parameter1 Name: --
parameter2 Name: --
parameter3 Name: --
parameter4 Name: --
parameter5 Name: --
parameter1 State: off
parameter2 State: off
parameter3 State: off
parameter4 State: off
parameter5 State: off

Table info
table State: on
table Data: DNC
column name: DNC
column width: 1

Other info
enter State: off
userInput State: off
enter Name: enter
userInput Name: 
iteration: 0
slider State: off
prompt String: Navigate through the GUI folders using the table. When you find the text file you'd like to edit, click on the name in the table and it will open.
listbox State: inactive
mainAxes State: BLANK
subAxes1 State: BLANK
subAxes2 State: BLANK


